Team Details
1. Name: Abhishek Yadav
  	Email:abhiyad@iitk.ac.in
	slack:abhiyad
	phone:
            Other Commitments:
            Prior Experience:

      2.  Name: Naman jain
	Email: namanj@iitk.ac.in
	Slack nick: ahsanb
 	Phone:7318018978
	Other Commitments: Competitive coding practice session by pclub
	Prior Experience: Basics of python, JAVA
	
       3.  Name: Shubh Gupta
Email: shubhg@iitk.ac.in
	Slack nick: shubhg
 	Phone:7318019018
	Other Commitments: Competitive coding practice session by pclub
	Prior Experience: Basics of python

       4.	Name: Ahsan  Barkati
Email: ahsanb@iitk.ac.in
	Slack nick: ahsanb
 	Phone:7318018978
	Other Commitments: Competitive coding practice session by pclub
	Prior Experience: Basics of python, JAVA

Abstract
1. What is the project?
	This project is about making computer play the Snake game. This is to be achieved by using the  reinforcement learning to train the computer to play by its experiences.

2. Overview, Goals
	In this project we will use reinforcement learning to train the computter program to play the snake game. We will learn the methods of MC ,TD and DP and will use it for sampling the environment according to some policy.We will use Q-learning to develop an optimal action selection policy. We will also learn about the neural networks and will implement it in some sort of statistical learning models for the snake game. By the end of our project our program will be able to learn and play the snake game.

3. why did you choose the project?
	We chose this project because we found the method of reinforcement and making the program learn according to the rewards and failure an interesting arena. It will  be a fun time for us making the computer play on its own according to its expirences. This would also be a very nice opportunity to learn machine learning and actually implementing it.

4. Timeline

	week1: Learning basics of MC and TD...getting hands better on num py
	week 2: Learning Q-learning and policy gradient
	week3: Studying neural nets and start impllementation on pong
	week4: implementing on pong and testing it
	week 5: start working on snake game
	week 6: 
